README.md, before:

# Musen (無線)

[![latest version](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/ichiro-its/musen)](https://github.com/ichiro-its/musen/releases/)
[![commits since latest version](https://img.shields.io/github/commits-since/ichiro-its/musen/latest)](https://github.com/ichiro-its/musen/commits/master)
[![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/ichiro-its/musen)](./LICENSE)
[![test status](https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/ichiro-its/musen/Build%20and%20Test?label=test)](https://github.com/ichiro-its/musen/actions)
[![deploy stable status](https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/ichiro-its/musen/Deploy%20Debian%20Stable?label=deploy%20stable)](https://repository.ichiro-its.org/)
[![deploy nightly status](https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/ichiro-its/musen/Deploy%20Debian%20Nightly?label=deploy%20nightly)](https://repository.ichiro-its.org/)

Musen (無線, wireless) is a [ROS 2](https://docs.ros.org/en/foxy/index.html) package that provides [UDP](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/User_Datagram_Protocol) and [TCP](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transmission_Control_Protocol) socket communication library for a ROS 2 project.
This package is written in C++ and currently only works on Linux based operating system.
In this package, the broadcast communication will be handled by a Broadcaster object that will send a message to multiple targets and a Listener object that will receive a message from multiple sources.
In this package, the UDP socket communication will be handled by Broadcaster and Listener objects while the TCP socket communication will be handled by Server and Client objects.

## Features

- Send and receive data on UDP socket using Broadcaster and Listener objects.
- Send and receive data on TCP socket using Server and Listener Objects.
- Specify the port number and target hosts to be used.
- Message serialization support for string, list of string, and struct data.

## Requirement

- [ROS 2 Foxy Fitzroy](https://docs.ros.org/en/foxy/).
- [C++17](https://en.cppreference.com/w/cpp/compiler_support).

## Installation

### Binary Packages

- See [releases](https://github.com/ichiro-its/musen/releases) for the latest version of this package.
- Alternatively, this package also available on [ICHIRO ITS Repository](https://repository.ichiro-its.org/) as `ros-foxy-musen` package.

### Build From Source

- Install colcon as in [this guide](https://colcon.readthedocs.io/en/released/user/installation.html).
- Build the project and source the result.
  ```bash
  $ colcon build
  $ source install/setup.bash
  ```
  > See [this guide](https://docs.ros.org/en/foxy/Tutorials/Workspace/Creating-A-Workspace.html) for more information on how to setup a workspace in ROS 2.

## Usages

See [examples](./examples) for information on how to use this package.

## License

This project is maintained by [ICHIRO ITS](https://ichiro-its.org/) and licensed under the [MIT License](./LICENSE).

Commit message:

docs: update readme and revert deploy documentation workflow

README.md, after:

# Musen (無線)

[![latest version](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/ichiro-its/musen)](https://github.com/ichiro-its/musen/releases/)
[![commits since latest version](https://img.shields.io/github/commits-since/ichiro-its/musen/latest)](https://github.com/ichiro-its/musen/commits/master)
[![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/ichiro-its/musen)](./LICENSE)
[![test status](https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/ichiro-its/musen/Build%20and%20Test?label=test)](https://github.com/ichiro-its/musen/actions)
[![deploy stable status](https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/ichiro-its/musen/Deploy%20Debian%20Stable?label=deploy%20stable)](https://repository.ichiro-its.org/)
[![deploy nightly status](https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/ichiro-its/musen/Deploy%20Debian%20Nightly?label=deploy%20nightly)](https://repository.ichiro-its.org/)

Musen (無線, wireless) is a [ROS 2](https://docs.ros.org/en/foxy/index.html) package that provides [UDP](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/User_Datagram_Protocol) and [TCP](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transmission_Control_Protocol) socket communication library for a ROS 2 project.
This package is written in C++ and currently only works on Linux based operating system.
In this package, the broadcast communication will be handled by a Broadcaster object that will send a message to multiple targets and a Listener object that will receive a message from multiple sources.
In this package, the UDP socket communication will be handled by Broadcaster and Listener objects while the TCP socket communication will be handled by Server and Client objects.

## Features

- Send and receive data on UDP socket using Broadcaster and Listener objects.
- Send and receive data on TCP socket using Server and Listener Objects.
- Specify the port number and target hosts to be used.
- Message serialization support for string, list of string, and struct data.

## Requirement

- [ROS 2 Foxy Fitzroy](https://docs.ros.org/en/foxy/).
- [C++17](https://en.cppreference.com/w/cpp/compiler_support).

## Installation

### Binary Packages

- See [releases](https://github.com/ichiro-its/musen/releases) for the latest version of this package.
- Alternatively, this package also available on [ICHIRO ITS Repository](https://repository.ichiro-its.org/) as `ros-foxy-musen` package.

### Build From Source

- Install colcon as in [this guide](https://colcon.readthedocs.io/en/released/user/installation.html).
- Build the project and source the result.
  ```bash
  $ colcon build
  $ source install/setup.bash
  ```
  > See [this guide](https://docs.ros.org/en/foxy/Tutorials/Workspace/Creating-A-Workspace.html) for more information on how to setup a workspace in ROS 2.

## Usages

See [examples](https://github.com/ichiro-its/musen/blob/master/examples) for information on how to use this package.

## Documentation

You can read the full API documentation in the generated `html` directory or in [here](https://ichiro-its.github.io/musen).

## License

This project is maintained by [ICHIRO ITS](https://ichiro-its.org/) and licensed under the [MIT License](https://github.com/ichiro-its/musen/blob/master/LICENSE).
